# WED-FLOWImplementation

WED-flow (Work, Event and Data-flow) is an alternative approach to model and implement business process. This approach was developed by the research group DATA (Database Modeling, Transactions, and Data Analysis) of IME-USP. The main objective of WED-flow is reduce complexity in the treatment of exceptions using the incremental evolution of business process models and recovery mechanisms.

This approach is based in three statements:
* to each event must be defined a set of transitions. This transitions will modify the current state of data;
* each state that is consulted, modified or generated by a transition need to be explicitly represented and permanently stored.
* all transition that alter states of data needs to be fired for an event and will be executed only if a specific set of conditions is satisfied. The definition and the capture of events by triggers is the initial point of the approach. The occurrence of an event begins the validation of a set of conditions about attributes values, when this conditions is satisfied, they enables the transitions execution. Attributes values define the data states before and after the treatment of an event, that is, the execution of an transition.

WED-flow is based in a set of pair condition-transition and, in execution time, define what activities will be execute in an instance of the business process. When a new state of data is provided as initial state of an instance, this state is processed by the set of pairs condition-transition and, in case of condition is satisfied, the transition associated will be fired. The execution of an transition will produce a new state of data to the instance, so this new state can be evaluate and fired others transitions, in this way continuing the execution an instance of WED-flow and setting the control flow.

This project has been developed for the class Advanced Topics in Computer Science at UTFPR in 2016. The WED-flow official implementation can be found on the Web at http://data.ime.usp.br/wedflow.


Install:
  - python3
  - SQLAlchemy
  - PostgreSQL
  - PyMySQL
  - python3-pip

All necessary libraries are in requirements.txt file. To install all of them type it:
  - sudo pip3 install -r requirements.txt


